---
description: About the NFTs collection
cover: .gitbook/assets/nft-prices.png
coverY: 955.2453987730063
---

# 🌌 The NFT

#### The NFTs collection consists of 4880 pieces. Each NFT in the collection holds a portion of the investment in Pantera Capital, so each NFT holder will be attributed a portion of the interest generated by the fund in which they invested.

The interest will be distributed to each NFT holder via the $IO token as passive income.\
\
\
\
<mark style="color:blue;">**How does the project work?**</mark>

The project works through crowdfunding, i.e. fundraising. 80% of the funds raised will go to the hedge fund which will generate passive income for investors.\
\
\
<mark style="color:blue;">**How will the fundraising be done?**</mark>

#### Community building and fundraising for the first investment will be done by selling the collection of NFTs associated with the IO Investment Academy project.  <mark style="color:blue;">**How much will the NFT cost you?**</mark>  We will have two stages of NFT sales:

→ In the first stage: there will be 100 NFTs, where the cost of the NFT is $0, and only the investment in Pantera Capital and the NFT minting fees will be paid.

→ In the second stage: the cost of the NFT will be $390.\
\
<mark style="color:blue;">**What happens after the collection is sold?**</mark>\
\
After the NFTs have been sold, all activity will spend on our investment platform. In order to access our platform, you must have a crypto wallet where an NFT from the IO collection is held. The first time you log in to the platform you must stake the NFT.

The initial investment in Pantera Capital is around $3.42M, here it just depends on the fees Pantera Capital charges when we make the initial investment. At an investment of $3.42M, a maximum supply of 3.42M $IO tokens will be generated in our platform, the parity is 1$=1 $IO token.\
\
\
\
<mark style="color:blue;">****</mark>
